Add data transformer examples to docs (#2682)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/starknet/index.md

> In the above example we supply `sncast` with `--account` and `--url` flags. If `snfoundry.toml` is present, and have these properties set, values provided using these flags will override values from `snfoundry.toml`. Learn more about `snfoundry.toml` configuration [here](../projects/configuration.md#sncast).

> ### Arguments and Calldata

Reviewer: How about we change this section to `### Arguments` and explain only how to use `--arguments` flag.

Below, we can add a section `### Using Serialized Calldata` and keep the docs for `--calldata`.

Some `sncast` commands (namely `call`, `deploy` and `invoke`) allow passing *calldata* - a series of arguments to perform an action with on blockchain.

In the example above we called a function with an argument: `'"Charizard"'`, passed using `--arguments` flag, but it can
be also obtained by passing a serialized form, in this example equivalent to passing `--calldata` with the following value: `0x0 0x43686172697a617264 0x9`.

Please note the notation of the argument. The default way of passing calldata is a list of hexadecimally encoded field elements - the *serialized* calldata.

> To obtain the serialized form of the wished data, one must write a Cairo program calling `Serde::serialize` on subsequent arguments and displaying the results.

Reviewer: This is outdated, serialized is no longer default - there is no default in code at all.

> In the above example we supply `sncast` with `--account` and `--url` flags. If `snfoundry.toml` is present, and have these properties set, values provided using these flags will override values from `snfoundry.toml`. Learn more about `snfoundry.toml` configuration [here](../projects/configuration.md#sncast).

### Arguments

Some `sncast` commands (namely `call`, `deploy` and `invoke`) allow passing arguments to perform an action with on the blockchain.

Under the hood cast always send request with serialized form of arguments, but it can be passed in 
human-readable form thanks to the [calldata transformation](./calldata-transformation.md) feature present in Cast.

In the example above we called a function with a deserialized argument: `'"Charizard"'`, passed using `--arguments` flag.

> ⚠️ **Warning**
> Cast will not verify the serialized calldata. Any errors caused by passing improper calldata in a serialized form will originate from the network.
> Basic static analysis is possible only when passing expressions - see [calldata transformation](./calldata-transformation.md).

> 
> ### Using Serialized Calldata
> 
> Equivalent to the previous example, the same result can be obtained by passing serialized calldata - a list of hexadecimal encoded field elements.
> 
> In this example equivalent to passing `--calldata` with the following value: `0x0 0x43686172697a617264 0x9`.
> 
> To obtain the serialized form of the wished data, one must write a Cairo program calling `Serde::serialize` on subsequent arguments and displaying the results.
> Read more about it in the [Cairo documentation](https://book.cairo-lang.org/appendix-03-derivable-traits.html?highlight=seri#serializing-with-serde).
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### Using Serialized Calldata

The same result can be achieved by passing serialized calldata, which is a list of hexadecimal-encoded field elements.

For example, this is equivalent to using the --calldata option with the following value: 0x0 0x43686172697a617264  0x9.

To obtain the serialized form of the wished data, you can write a Cairo program that calls `Serde::serialize` on subsequent arguments and displays the results.

Read more about it in the [Cairo documentation](https://book.cairo-lang.org/appendix-03-derivable-traits.html?highlight=seri#serializing-with-serde).

```

### Arguments

Some `sncast` commands (namely `call`, `deploy` and `invoke`) allow passing arguments to perform an action with on the blockchain.

Under the hood cast always send request with serialized form of arguments, but it can be passed in 
human-readable form thanks to the [calldata transformation](./calldata-transformation.md) feature present in Cast.

In the example above we called a function with a deserialized argument: `'"Charizard"'`, passed using `--arguments` flag.

> ⚠️ **Warning**
> Cast will not verify the serialized calldata. Any errors caused by passing improper calldata in a serialized form will originate from the network.
> Basic static analysis is possible only when passing expressions - see [calldata transformation](./calldata-transformation.md).

### Using Serialized Calldata

The same result can be achieved by passing serialized calldata, which is a list of hexadecimal-encoded field elements.

> For example, this is equivalent to using the --calldata option with the following value: 0x0 0x43686172697a617264  0x9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this is equivalent to using the --calldata option with the following value: 0x0 0x43686172697a617264 0x9.
```

> To obtain the serialized form of the wished data, you can write a Cairo program that calls `Serde::serialize` on subsequent arguments and displays the results.

Reviewer: Kind of resolves https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/issues/2650 but I think we might want to expand this in a separate PR anyway.
